---
layout: post
title: National Park Service Web App
description: >
  A web application serving as an information kiosk/search engine for national parks and other attractions
image: /assets/img/npsapp.png
noindex: true
---

Check out the live demo [here](https://apham-nps-app.herokuapp.com). The git repo for this project can be found [here](https://github.com/apham727/NPS-App).

This project was done for a MindSumo challenge, where the objective was to create a web application that would serve as an information kiosk/search engine for U.S. national parks and related destinations. I used the Python-Flask framework because I had previously used it in a hackathon before and I wanted to become more proficient with it.  

One of the reasons this projects was so important to me was because it incorporated different ideas that I had used individually in previous projects, but not together simultaneously. This included the Google Maps API, Javascript, way too much CSS, and building an internally consistent website. 

## Notes on Implementation
One of the hardest things in this project was preventing code duplication. I refactored several times just so that I could add more features in the future without confusing myself. Another difficult component was using the somewhat fidgety National Park Service API. It would often return empty fields (such as empty image url fields) which would require some extra error handling so that the page could render on these events. 


## Takeaways
In retrospect, I could have used Angular (which I was using for a project at work at that time) for this NPS application. I like the modularization that Angular brings and its benefits, such as distinct components in a view that can be individually updated. ~~With Flask, I found myself copying the navbar code across every webpage when I could have used the Angular router to only update the middle page content.~~ *I just realized custom HTML tags existed :/* However, Flask was very intuitive to use and was great for people like me without a lot of front-end experience. 